The power of exclusivity is undeniable
when you're scaling up. You can take the
path of keeping your prices the exact
same the entire time that you're pushing
up when you are trying to make more
money. Or you can take the path of
exclusivity where you have limitations
on the offer that allow you to drive up
the price through time. All the big
businesses out there, mainly high ticket
product businesses do this. There's
plenty of high ticket service-based
businesses that do this exact same
thing. And we have a lot of clients over
the years that have leveraged this same
tactic, the power of exclusivity when
scaling. It's a true honor to be able to
break down this topic for you here today
as it is a powerful one. If you are new
to the channel, my name is Jeremy
Haynes. All we talk about around here is
scaling up to milliondoll months. We
don't make income claims. We just take
all the top lessons from the businesses
that we've worked with over the years
that we've been there, done that with,
and scaled up to these million-doll
month levels. There is a 0.1%
probability that you ever hit $10
million a year, let alone the big 12
million a year. That represents
milliondoll months. So again, no income
claims, just simply handing down the
lessons of the people that have been
there, done that to you right here on
YouTube for free. So welcome in if
you're new, consider subscribing after
you watch this. And of course, if you're
already a subscriber, welcome back. It's
an absolute pleasure to have you as
always. Without further ado, let's dive
in. Okay, the power of exclusivity. Let
me just start at the base level for how
this works and then we'll work our way
up to where you officially get the
option and have the leverage to really
be able to pull this off. We commonly
see this the most inside of call
funnels. So, let's use the example that
you are going to start the path and
launch your call funnel. Okay, once you
officially get a callunnel launched,
here's where most people really [__] up
right away. they immediately have a
bunch of brand new salespeople that
they'll dispatch onto the offer, which
instantaneously [__] up the odds of
being able to gain leverage in the
process and speed the game along faster.
Most business owners naturally do not
want to be in the trenches and doing
sales calls. Yet, they need to do that
when they are very first launching a
callunnel. And here's why. Unless you
have extremely articulate salespeople or
unless you're smart enough to be
leveraging LLMs and AI to be able to
analyze sales calls and turn around and
give sales manager level feedback and
insights to you as the business owner to
then turn around and tweak front-end
messaging to attract more qualified
people. You are likely just going to
need to jump on the phone and take a
handful of calls. The reason being, you
have the most liability at the very
beginning of the game when you're very
first starting off and just launching
something. So when you first launch,
that's when you are most exposed to
getting [__] and lighting your dollars
on fire and never seeing them return. So
simply put, either have really good
articulate feedback that is messaging
based feedback into what is missing, who
is coming on the phones and whether the
front end is aligning you with the right
people on the back end who are actually
showing up to these calls. There's all
kinds of leverage in your statistics
when you very first get started. As an
example, if you have very base level
assets in place for back-end selling,
you have no confirmation page videos
like breakout videos, you have no value
dense email sequences, you just have
some reminder emails and maybe a
reminder text, your sales people aren't
even doing anything that would be
considered a best practice when it comes
to manual outreach and you still have a
remarkably high show rate. My friend,
that is a phenomenal sign. That means
that you likely have a hot offer andor
that you have inarket demographics that
you are successfully appealing to on the
front end that are coming onto these
calls where they need to buy whatever it
is that you're selling. Whenever you
first launch, if you have a shitty show
rate andor you just get people on the
phone who seem very entry level in their
frame that they have on the interest
spectrum, then you have some change that
is going to need to occur to enter the
later stages of scaling. Okay, so let me
be clear when I say this. The interest
spectrum is very simple. It starts off
with curious. You then move up to
general interest. From there you have a
high level of interest. And from there
you have convicted aka sold. Okay.
Generally when you get leads that are in
the more curious phase, these leads are
considered early in the sales process.
Your sales people are going to
articulate them as cold. They could be
qualified. They very likely will be
qualified. But due to their interest
being so entry level, it's a very low
probability that they're going to show
up. And if they do show up, it's a very
high probability that they're going to
be an education call instead of a sales
call, which is going to piss your sales
people off. And with most sales people,
you're going to get extremely poor
feedback as a result of having
interested leads at only a curious level
of interest. So to be clear, general
interest and of course highly
interested, these are generally where
you see more of your inmarket audiences
at or just your well-framed audiences.
Okay? So when you get these two types of
people on the phone, these are going to
be considered good. These are going to
be people that work through the pipeline
that actually close. This is what your
marketing ideally appeals to either
through a combination of front-end
selling tactics and back-end selling
tactics. But even then, with the right
front-end messaging alone, you can
attract very qualified people through
the game. Now, I want to be very direct
when I say this. The reason that I
encourage that at the base level when
you first launch something, you get in
the trenches and you figure out like who
you're attracting andor you leverage the
power of the proper sales management or
just AI nowadays to be able to get the
necessary feedback to you regardless to
be able to turn around and make change
with. You get out of this phase faster,
okay? Cuz this phase is where most
people fail. This phase specifically is
where you have again the highest
probability to just light your dollars
on fire, incinerate them, and never see
them again. Now, once you get to the
point where you get some good feedback
and you've made the necessary changes on
the front end, you've tweaked the
messaging a bit and you've started to
see what specifically in terms of pain
points, buying motives, just reasons
people actually give a [__] to
prioritize doing a deal with you. Those
are the things that you in turn want to
leverage both on the front end to
attract those people in the first place
and then of course you want to follow
all the back-end selling systems that we
encourage you to do here on this
channel. Okay. Now you get to the point
where you officially start getting good
people on the phones. Okay? Once you
officially start seeing a consistent
amount, this is the key, a consistent
amount of good people showing up and
booking. Okay? And the main thing,
again, I can't stress it enough, is that
it's consistent. It's a majority of the
time that this is occurring. This is
when the game transitions to phase three
extremely quickly. Generally in phase
two here with this good people
officially start showing up at a high
rate. This is when you can actually get
some salespeople onto the phones. This
is when you can generally start the
process of taking yourself off the calls
because you now know from being in the
trenches what you need to do to actually
train your people to represent the
business right way. Close people at a
high rate and just overall turn dollars
into far more dollars. Okay. This is
where you officially get rorowaz
positive and this becomes where you
start the scaling process. Okay, once
you get here, this is when the leverage
starts to build to eventually be able to
start deploying exclusivity tactics, but
you still don't have enough leverage at
this phase to actually be capable of
doing this. You've got to get to the
point where you have damn near a full
pipeline and you're close to being maxed
out. That's the key. Once you get close
to being maxed out, that is when you
officially hold the cards. Okay? That's
when you have the leverage. So, I'll
give you a great example of this. In our
inner circle program that you
consistently see me promoting here on my
channel that there's a link for down in
the description. There are many pieces
of qualification criteria that you must
pass for us to even consider letting you
in there. Number one, we literally will
not let you in if you do not prove to us
that you are making $100,000 a month
consistently and in the most recent
month. We don't give a [__] at all if
you've done $100,000 once in your life
and you think that makes it so you
qualify. Absolutely not. This is a
costly, not expensive, costly offer that
we don't want you to blink at when that
charge comes along to get yourself in
the door into the program. We also need
to know that you have enough dollars to
actually be able to go out there and
deploy and take risks because a lot of
the things that we're going to encourage
you to do, not all of them, but a lot of
them are going to encourage you to put
your nuts on the table, take a financial
bet, and try to turn dollars into more
dollars. Some of those bets aren't going
to work out. Some of them are going to
work out handsomely well. You can't get
essentially financially [__] in the
process. You got to be comfortable when
you're making these bets. Okay? We have
17 current people in there that do more
than a million dollars a month. Average
member joins in around 2 to 300k a
month. We have people do extremely well
in there. I won't sit here and make any
kind of income claims associated with
what you're going to have as an
experience when you join in. However,
the people that have joined in have done
phenomenal and they've done really well
and they've been able to pay for what it
costs for the entire year in most
instances within the first like 30 to 90
days, give or take the person. Now,
outside of just having a minimum amount
that you have to make, we also have a
minimum time frame that we need a person
to commit to. Generally, every single
person who joins into that offer wants
to make a huge sum of money. Now, to be
clear, we don't guarantee they're going
to make that sum of money, and we make
that extremely well known. However, we
understand the game. We're not dumb.
Okay? you want to turn money into more
money and you want our help to do it and
that's what we do inside of that program
and we do it extremely well. However,
it's very important to note that in
order for us to help actually achieve a
big result that you want and that we
want for you too. It takes time. So, we
have people commit for a minimum a
minimum of one year to be inside of that
offer. So, right away, as you can start
to see, if you're not making a certain
amount, you're not getting in. If you're
making a certain amount, but you don't
want to commit for that time, again,
you're not getting in. We don't want
flakes in the program. So, let me be
clear when I say this so you understand
why I'm articulating this as an example
because I'm not just sitting here
pitching you and telling you about the
offer. Trying to articulate that once
you get close to being maxed out, you
get to start to do things that are
exclusivity tactics. And these are a few
examples of it. So, with the one-year
thing, hear me out. We have a reputation
to safeguard. We play the game at a big
level and are very well known for
helping people get a fuckload richer.
Okay? Do you think I do that in a month
of working with somebody? It's like, no.
Sometimes, yeah, but a lot of the times
it can take a longer duration of time,
like a year, to really get some serious
[__] results out of an individual,
right? And that's the type of person
that I want being in that group going
out there and saying they were in it or
a part of it. I want people who get big,
monstrous, juicy [__] results, large
sums of money to be able to go out there
and say, "Yeah, I was a part of Jeremy's
inner circle." Or, "Yeah, I'm in
Jeremy's inner circle. It's [__]
awesome." you know, I made this out of
being in there. That's what I want. So,
again, I need time for those people to
actually be a part of it to help
increase the probability dramatically
that they actually do those things and
align with what we want and align with
what they want, too. Now, does that
sound like something that's unfair?
Right? No. Both of these safeguard the
product. Okay? They safeguard many
things. They safeguard the reputation.
They safeguard the reputation of the
program and me. They safeguard the
person who's joining in actually having
a high probability to achieve what they
want to do. Okay? In addition to that,
it safeguards the community itself, the
product. Okay? We don't want a fuckload
of really rich people interacting with
brokies. That's not what this is about.
This is a place where people who are
extremely rich and rich trying to get a
fuckload richer in both scenarios go to
openly talk about it. Right? If you have
ever been in a situation as a rich
person, I'll give you a great example.
Right? Just most recently on my Insta
stories, I was posting about traveling
home, okay? And how I chose to travel
home in this case was on a little Lear
60, which is a midsize private jet,
okay? And I was traveling from Virginia
where I visited Mr. Tai Lopez and I came
back home here to Miami. I didn't sit
there and like take a photo on the
[__] plane, you know? I didn't post
like a little video of me walking into
the jet. I literally filmed two YouTube
videos, which were phenomenal, by the
way, and likely already posted on the
channel by the time you're watching this
one, of me just on the jet filming
YouTube videos and flying home with the
marketing helper and video guy that I
have here behind the camera and my
fiance. Okay, just pretty base level
stuff. What do I have happen while I'm
on the jet? I start to get absolutely
[__] blasted by bot followers. Okay,
why does that happen? Because poor
people and just people who don't like me
in general [__] hate to see the boy
winning. Okay. So, as an example of
that, it's like, how do you think that
works inside of a community where you're
trying to openly post about, "Hey guys,
I'm spending like $30,000 a day right
now and I'm making $3 million a month.
Does anybody have any insights on this
kind of problem?" You don't want a bunch
of [__] base level morons around you
that are like, "Oh, dude, like that's
insane." Like, no. It's like you want
people that are actually going to be at
your level or above your level or pretty
[__] close to your level that can
lend good, genuine perspective to you to
help you with your problem. And you want
to know without having to do it yourself
that the people that are going to
contribute advice to you in that example
are already vetted by the people who run
the community. You understand? So as an
exclusivity tactic, think about that.
It's like sometimes again base level
morons who go to places like clubs and
they dress like [__] or they go to a
nice restaurant and they're dressed like
[__] It's like the restaurant doesn't
want somebody wearing a Hawaiian shirt,
open toed flip flops with the hogs out
and a [__] Tommy Bahama cargo shorts,
you know, walking into their restaurant
when it's a twostar Michelin restaurant
and everybody else is having date night
and dressed extremely well. They have a
visual standard to upkeep that plays
into the vibe and the culture and more
importantly the exclusivity of who's
going to be there and feel comfortable
being there. You understand? It's like
when you get to the point where you
actually do these things, right? You get
to jack up the price. Okay? You get to
jack up the price because it becomes
more valuable to the people that are a
part of it. And of course, it becomes
more valuable to the people who wants to
join into it. You understand? And what
also more than anything else, when you
actually do things like that
successfully, when you're also close to
being maxed out, which in my case with
the inner circle, it's like I do
one-on-one calls in there, right? You
can go join into any bum [__] mastermind
out there and get to show up however
many times a year they do their little
group thing and they have a relatively
inactive mastermind that they'll let
anybody and their [__] cousin into
that's a little broky. Not in my world,
okay? Not in my world. I want to hold
your hand to make a fuckload more money.
You understand? I give a [__] about you
making a fuckload more money because I
want to go out there and get richer by
helping other people get a fuckload
richer, too. You understand? And when I
do one-on-one, can I do that for a whole
bunch of people? No. Right. Okay. At my
masterminds, I like to do them where I
live. I think the vibe of going to the
person that you're learning from, going
to their crib, it's like right here in
my penthouse, dude. This is where we
currently do our masterminds. the last
four places that I've had from the
original penthouse I had over on a
little island here in Miami to the beach
house that we had during CO to the farm
mansion that we had out in West Miami to
now the penthouse here in Miami, the
newest penthouse. We do them in the
crib. It's like downstairs we have a
great large venue where we can fit about
150 people. That's why the group is
limited to about 150 folks. Now, this is
very important to understand. We with
those two components alone are already
pretty [__] close to capacity on the
amount of people I can do one-on-one
with and the amount of people that can
show up to a mastermind. The scaled
things in that offer are being a part of
the community and doing the weekly group
calls. Those are obviously scaled
things. But what makes the offer have
exclusivity tactics beyond the few that
I've already peppered into you is the
fact that I have limited availability to
do to do one-on- ones and limited
availability with the quantity of people
I can fit and allow into my homes for
the masterminds. Okay, so hear me out.
What does that do to the price? Okay.
When I get more demand, which we get
more demand literally every month,
without exaggerating to you, every month
we get more people that fit that
criteria that we get to be more strict
with about who we allow and who we don't
allow in. I can't even quantify how many
price increases we've had with the inner
circle since its origination. It's been
a lot and we continue to drive it up and
it continues to make sense to buy into
because the people that continue buying
into it are more financially qualified,
more probable to make the money back
because they're more financially
qualified. And on top of that, the group
becomes more valuable due to that cyclic
process I just articulated. You
understand? It is something that I don't
need to deploy more closers for. It's
something that I can just turn up the
price on on a perpetual basis due to the
exclusivity components that I just
articulated. But again, these things are
strategic. They're intentional. Okay. In
comparison, I have a very scaled offer.
It's a one-time price. It's called
master internet marketing. It's a giant
group class. AI Jeremy's included with
it with some limitations to be clear
since it's a onetime price. And we do
live classes typically on an annual
basis. sometimes every other year. It
depends on how much changes in
marketing. We got our next one coming up
at the end of summertime. We'll announce
the date soon and everybody in the
master internet marketing program, of
course, they'll be the first made aware.
Now, I want to be extremely direct when
I say this that doesn't need to have
exclusivity components to it. We still
qualify and vet who we allow into there
because we still want to allow people
who are actually probable to get results
into there. We never ever want to put
people into debt to get that program. We
don't want to be in a position where
somebody's on their last dollars and,
you know, making their final bet on
joining into that thinking they're going
to make all the [__] money in the
world after being a part of it.
Although, to be fair, like some people
have actually had that happen. But
again, that's no way, shape, or form
what we want to allow to occur. That's
it's not somebody that we'd ideally want
to sell. People have done that to us.
They've hid it from us and then they've
later revealed their win to us with
their extremely highressured scenario.
They essentially lie to us. But anyway,
that doesn't require us to limit the
quantity of people that buy it. Okay,
that specific offer, we can sell as much
as possible. But let me be extremely
clear when I say this. If I did want to
jack up the price on that, okay, first
of all, the easiest way to do it is just
looking at the results of the people who
go through it, seeing that they make a
tremendous amount more than what they're
paying, which is consistently true, and
just starting the process of adding some
of these exclusivity components. I can
always just raise the price relative to
the fact people are getting more results
with it. And if that's the case,
regardless of all the other exclusivity
components that could be added,
literally just based on the fact people
are making more than what they've
invested, that is the easiest
justification to just start increasing
price, which is the point I'm trying to
make in this entire video. A lot of
people, they really struggle to go out
there and get new closers. You know,
they struggle with the process of hiring
people. They don't really have a lot of
desire to go out there and just
consistently at the rate in which
they're scaling hire, train, manage,
fire, and just ongoing manage all these
people within a sales organization.
There's also a lot of people that we've
worked with over the years that hate
salespeople so much. And and rightfully
so, I mean, to be fair, like there's a
lot of inconsistencies in people,
period. Okay? Okay, so when you can add
systems and processes and tactics like
exclusivity tactics in this case, it is
much easier to still make a lot more
money by choosing to leverage other
places in the business in comparison to
leveraging people as you continue to
scale up and just drive up more calls.
What if I told you as a result of
generating far more calls, you didn't
need to hire more salespeople. You
needed to increase qualification
criteria. And as a result of increasing
qualification criteria, just as I did
with minor circle offer, you
dramatically change the quality of
person that's going to come through as a
result, which in turn gets a lot better
people in there, which in turn gets a
lot better results for the people who
join in, which in turn allows you to
jack up the price more. You see, and
then that cyclic process continues on.
It's like, have you ever heard that if
you want to go buy like that new Ferrari
that just came out? I don't even know
the name of it because I personally
hated it, but it's the La Ferrari
successor. Okay, that new Ferrari that
just came out, there has been word in
the streets, okay, in the Ferrari world,
and as a as a person who has two
Ferraris myself over the years, I can't
stress this enough. Like, this is
actually insane to hear out loud, okay?
They want you to have bought an F40,
which is like a low couple million
dollar car. They want you to have a LA
Ferrari, which is like give or take the
mileage, like $3 to $5 million, and
whether it's an Aperta variation or not.
They want you to have a handful of
purchases, which means more than two. a
handful of purchases from the Ferrari
dealer that you ideally want to get this
LaFerrari successor from. Okay? And on
top of that, they have very strict rules
and criteria that they want to see in
terms of who they're selling the cars
to. And they don't want you to be a
reseller. Like, they want you to have a
collection that you're going to
maintain. One of the people that I've
looked up to over the years passively is
a guy that's from a very similar area of
mine in Ohio. His name's Rob Deerck. And
Rob Deerck, he initially started off as
a skateboarder, signed with DC, if you
remember that skateboarding company. Rob
then got the opportunity to have a TV
show with MTV called Rob and Black. Um,
rest in peace to Black. He then got an
opportunity to have what's called
Fantasy Factory, which was another show
with MTV. At that point, he had a la
rather large warehouse, a handful of
other endorsement deals, was still
professionally skateboarding. And with
the success of Robin Black, the TV show,
this Fantasy Factory show was like his
next big bet. Bang, that one worked out,
too. He then had another TV show, which
is the one that has been the biggest of
them all, which is called
Ridiculousness, which I'm sure you've
likely seen or heard of. And if not, go
look it up. Anyway, Rob at the same time
of doing all this was also creating and
investing into different companies. And
right now today, he identifies as a
venture capitalist. Rob's goal is to be
a billionaire. Okay? And he's likely
well on his way to do that. I, as an
example, when I see Rob do what he does,
and again, we're from a very similar
city within the same state, and I've
seen the level that he's grown to. We
use the same hypnotist, Dr. George
Pratt, who I originally went to as a
result of seeing Rob's testimonial for
it. You look at a guy like this and you
think, "Okay, wow, that's impressive,
right? The guy's rich as [__] already
worth more than 100 mil plus." And what
kind of video do you go and see on Rob's
profile one day on Instagram? You see
Rob standing in a Ferrari dealership and
there's a there's a Ferrari in front of
him and there's listen to this [__]
There are posters on the wall of the
handful of Ferraris that this man has
purchased over the years with a like a
letter and a number paired with each one
of them. and they represented the number
in which he purchased it and the letter
was just the specific letter that he
chose to pair with it. And he's sitting
here in this video and I'm like I'm
like, "Oh, wow. Maybe Rob did a collab
with Ferrari or something like what's
this?" No, this man is absolutely
glazing the [__] out of two Ferrari
salespeople. Not like managers in
Ferrari, not people who work at
Ferrari's corporate dealership.
Literally just two Ferrari salespeople
who worked in one of the local Los
Angeles divisions. I'm I'm sure it's
very probable to be the Beverly Hills
division specifically. Just blazing the
[__] out of him, talking about how he's
so grateful for the opportunity to have
bought the Ferraris that he has over the
years. Talking about and making it
extremely clear he's building a
collection that he's going to hand down
to his children one day. He never
intends to sell them. Glazing the [__]
out of how amazing the Ferrari heritage
and brand is as a whole. And you can
tell like in this this the point of what
I'm trying to articulate to you here in
this example is here's a man who's worth
a hundred plus million dollars that
essentially has to get down on his knees
and suck off these Ferrari sales guys
just for the opportunity to go and buy
that Laaf Ferrari successor to be able
to have the opportunity to get a car
like a Daytona SP3 from Ferrari and who
[__] knows what else. I'm sure all
future variations of cars that they come
out with you'll have a high probability
to be able to purchase. Why? because
Ferrari leveraged him into a position
through exclusivity tactics of being
able to get a great man, a big man just
like that to go out and not just do it
privately, but to publicly post. Go look
it up yourself. Go to his Instagram.
You'll see what I'm talking about.
There's a bunch of Ferrari colors and
it's Rob standing there, posters on the
wall, two guys standing off and like
it's so funny, dude. Like the video is
cutting from like Rob to like these two
guys in the back like smiling and kind
of laughing and being like yeah like
these guys are [__] loving this [__]
It's it's comical to watch. But the
point is is like dude people do this
[__] every day as rich people to get
things that they want. It's like this is
why country clubs have multi00,000
a year initiation fees and then tens of
thousands of dollars in annual dues.
This is why, as an example, like even I
joined a beach club for, you know, low
tens of thousands of dollars with even
lower annual dues, just to have the
opportunity to go to a somewhat
exclusive hotel, hang out with other
rich folks, and go to the beach in a
nice place. It's like this is why with
with even things like watches, like
you're not [__] walking into Richard
Mill and buying this watch, okay? You're
not. They're going to sell you a ladies
watch first. They're going to sell you a
more entry- level watch and they're
going to make you wait months in
between. And then they're going to give
you the opportunity to buy the nice
watch that you actually want to buy. And
even then, the watches that you might
actually want to get that are one of
those limited of 50 watches, they're not
going to [__] sell to you. Even if
you've bought like four or five watches
from them, you know who they're going to
sell them to? The guys who have bought
like 10 or 15, 20, 30 that have already
been a part of their game for a long
time. Those are the And you're going to
get the opportunity to buy from one of
those guys secondhand so they can make a
profit. And Richard Mill is going to
help facilitate the deal. You
understand? It's like these things have
existed in both modern society and all
historical variations of society for the
longest time. I ask you this, why aren't
you choosing to leverage some of these
exclusivity tactics in your business?
Like you don't think just a just a
decade ago if you go and you shop as an
example in the Miami Design District or
the Bow Harbor shops or some local place
where you have a good relationship with
some of those designer stores and you
ask them like hey do you remember when
Hermes like they were just begging you
to buy one of those bags like nobody
gave a [__] about Hermes like a decade
ago. Okay but like now you're probably
sitting here thinking what like nobody
gave a [__] about Hermes like what are
you talking about? It's like, yeah, as a
matter of fact, down here in the design
district, there's a Laurel Piana
directly across from Hermes. And you
might not even know what [__] Laurel
Piana is. I'm sure a lot of you who are
the right target audience do, but still,
there's probably a few of you have no
idea what I'm talking about. Either way,
it's a nice designer brand. It's one of
those like old money brands is how it
currently is framed, but it's pretty
sick. Anyway, right across from Laurel
Piana in the Miami Design District is an
Hermes store. And one of the women who
works there, she's one of my sales reps.
She goes, "Uh, yeah, I remember a decade
ago like these [__] Hermes people,
like they were begging people to take
the bags. Like now it's like you can't
go in there and beg for a bag, you know?
Like they make you buy all kinds of
[__] There are, you can go on Tik
Tok is a great example of this or
Instagram or even YouTube, dude, where
there's women who will and dudes, a lot
of gay dudes, but still just dudes and
women in general that are going to post
strategies to put you on game on what
you need to buy first, how to develop a
strategic relationship, what location
you might need to fly to to have a
higher probability be able to buy a bag,
just to be able to buy a [__] bag.
You understand? It's like that's all
just exclusivity tactics. Again, I ask
you as simple as this. Like why do you
think Hermes a decade ago wasn't able to
have that leverage and why do you think
they are now? It all starts with being
close to being maxed out. So what Hermes
likely did in that example and what
Ferrari does too in this case is they
just strategically pull back the amount
of production on their products. With
services as an example, it's the same
kind of concept. We're just going to
strategically pull back the quantity of
people that we allow ourselves to
deliver to and as a result immediately
we're going to increase demand. You see,
think about this. It's like I'll give
you a great example. I remember I
watched this one video, one of those
little short form clips that the guy
does and he said he was giving tips
about the best agency owners to work
with. And I thought it was really
relatable cuz like I had a lot of these
tactics. One of the tactics that I want
to highlight is he goes the best
agencies are always maxed out. Like they
have like a waiting list. Like when you
actively want to work with one of these
really good marketing agencies, like
they're probably going to tell you to
get [__] and just put you on a list
and you're going to have to wait, right?
It's like that's leverage, dude. That's
leverage, right? That's because they
strategically have a limit. It's like, I
could work with more clients, but I
don't want to work with more clients. I
don't like working with a fuckload of
clients. I like working with the best
possible people I can work with that I
can make a fuckload of money with. So,
if somebody strategically comes along
and they fit that criteria, absolutely
will let them in the door. One of my
buddies lives across the street here,
Brandon Carter, right? The big BBC.
Okay. He says that one of his favorite
things to do, right? He has a Richard
Mill, I think it's the RM10 if I'm not
mistaken. And he's like, "Dude, I think
it's so funny. Like, I can go to the
Rolex store and if I wear that watch,
they'll go to the back and immediately
pull out some heavy hitters for me that
somebody else literally right next to me
might be begging for the opportunity to
buy and they're getting told they're
getting put on a wait list." It's like,
well, why does Brandon get the
opportunity to walk in there and they
offer him a watch that somebody else is
getting put on a wait list for? It's
because he's the right type of person
that they want to have buy and they also
know that he's going to be able to buy.
It's not going to be a stretch for him
and they're going to rep he's going to
represent the brand. Well, you get what
I mean? It's like my point being, right?
Like I have a limit in the quantity of
deals that we do as a marketing agency
and due to the fact I'm at capacity.
Okay, I have the leverage in that
example. It's like what's different in
your world? All you really got to do is
pull back the amount of people that
you're going to give the opportunity to
service or give the opportunity to sell
to and then bang. You know, you ever
seen one of those like little sixperson
omocas sushi experiences? It's like
there's one here in Miami. One of my
favorite little places to go to a
literal closet turned into a restaurant.
Has six seats. It's called Elsie Cretto.
It's inside of the Fina in Miami Beach.
A literal closet. Like I'm not
exaggerating. an actual closet turned
into a restaurant. Six people. I don't
even remember the price per person that
it is to go. But I'm pretty sure it's
over $1,000 per person to go and sit
there and have sushi and omacas
experience. It's like, why do they get
to charge that much? Cuz there's six
[__] seats and two serving times a
night. You don't even get to choose when
you get to go eat. They just say, "Yeah,
we got this at 5:30 and we got this at
9:30. Take your pick. It's up to you."
You know, get [__] if you want to come
another time. You know, it's it really
again, think about that. It's like and
if they get booked out for like weeks at
a time, like you guys have probably all
heard of Carbone, right? Carbone's got a
little location over here at Miami
Beach. Carbone has enough res like
there. Again, there's people
strategically pumping out content that
tell you, hey, on the first of every
month at this specific time, that's when
the reservations refresh for the
following month. Like, go in there at
that exact time and try to book a
reservation. There's people who sell
reservations. That's how exclusive those
specific reservations are. It's like
they themselves could go and just book
themselves out, right? It's like it
could be a strategy that none of us are
even aware of that allow them to be like
perceptually so in demand. And then when
you get the opportunity to go and eat
there, you feel like blessed, you know,
like you're you're like, "Oh my god, I
can't believe I get to go to Carbone."
There's also an app. It's called Dorsia.
Okay, I love Dorsia because then you can
get around all the little [__] that
they put you through with those kind of
things and you can just agree to pay a
high dollar value per person and skip
that whole process. So essentially from
there what they chose to do through that
Dorsia app is get a guaranteed amount
per table in revenue. It's like it's
unbelievable. I [__] love exclusivity
tactics. Products, services, doesn't
matter. They are one of my favorite
things to do. And yet a majority of the
people that I work with, both clients,
inner circle members, master internet
marketing students, doesn't matter.
Remarkably, a very small quantity of
people actually leverage exclusivity
tactics. And it's because in most
instances, they think that it prevents
scale when in reality it makes scale
easier. It makes scaling and making more
money easier to deliver on because
there's far less people that you're
delivering for. And you also get to work
with far better people every single time
you increase the exclusivity standard
that you operate with. A remarkable
tactic, very undermined, something you
should actively consider when you're in
your pursuit to million-dollar months.
Whether this is your first video or one
of many that you've gone and consumed
from me. Thank you very much. Consider
subscribing to the channel if you
haven't done so already. Go check out
some of the other videos that you likely
missed along the way. And of course,
more importantly than anything else, go
get richer. Toxin.